#summary Bookmarklet for simple trial of UFD on your page!

= Introduction =

This bookmarklet will allow you to try out UFD on any web page you like with no installation!  The bookmarklet script will automatically inject all the needed script and CSS, and wrap all (non-multi) select drop-downs.  

It is only modifying the local page, and is discarded on page refresh etc.  All forms should still submit completely correctly - remember that the _U_ stands for _Unobtrusive_.

Simply drag the link below on to your bookmark bar, visit the target website, then select the bookmarklet. 


<wiki:gadget url="http://ufd.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/bookmarklet/bookmarkletGaget.xml" height="20" width="200" border="0" /> 

The script will automatically detect and use existing jQuery if already on page, and will apply itself to all *visible*, *non-multi* select tags, i.e.

`jQuery("select:not([multiple]):visible").ufd();`

If you want this in iE6, you need to create the bookmarklet manually.  Create a new bookmark to anywhere, and replace the bookmarks' URL with the link URL/href below.  You can get this with a _right click -> copy shortcut_ on the link.


= Known issues =

 * In a few situations, the CSS styles on target pages may bleed into plugin elements, causing slight render weirdness.  For example, when the search select above gets UFDed, it gets extra left and right border width due to the wrapping span tag inheriting padding in that location.  It still functions correctly, of course.  Try it out!
 * The first load occasionally runs without the CSS fully loaded, causing the measurements to fail and the UFD to appear with no button or similar render issues.  Reload and it will come from cache and load correctly.  TODO improve!
 * Quirks mode changes the box model on a few elements, causing render bugs similar to the CSS bleed in. Corrected in supported browsers with (vendor-prefix)box-sizing.  

 