#summary Installation and usage of UFD
#labels Featured

= Installation =

You will need to link to a couple of script files:
  * jQuery-x.x.js (>=1.3.0)
  * jQuery ui.core.js (no 1.8 support yet - its coming!)
  * jquery.ui.ufd.js

In addition, you will want 2+ CSS files; one base file, and 1 per skin.
  * ufd-base.css
  * plain.css

See the example pages for a demonstration.

= Usage =

Like all jQuery plugins and widgets, you select your target nodes with a css selector, then pass options, thusly:

{{{

<select id="demo">
  <option>only 1</option>
</select>

<script type="text/javascript">
  $("#demo").ufd({option1:value, ...});
</script>

}}}

The optional option object can have any of the settings listed below:


{{{
options: {
			skin: "plain", // skin name
			suffix: "_ufd", // suffix for pseudo-dropdown text input name attr.  
			dropDownID: "ufd-container", // ID for a root-child node for storing dropdown lists. avoids ie6 zindex issues by being at top of tree.
			logSelector: "#log", // selector string to write log into, if present.

			log: false, // log to firebug console (if available) and logSelector (if it exists)
			submitFreeText: false, // re[name] original select, give text input the selects' original [name], and allow unmatched entries  
			triggerSelected: true, // selected option of the selectbox will be the initial value of the combo
			caseSensitive: false, // case sensitive search 
			allowDropUp: true, // if true, the options list will be placed above text input if flowing off bottom
			allowLR: false, // show horizontal scrollbar
	
			listMaxHeight: 200, // CSS value takes precedence
			minWidth: 50, // don't autosize smaller then this.
			manualWidth: null, //override selectbox width; set explicit width
			viewAhead: 1, // items ahead to keep in view when cursor scrolling
			pageLength: 10, // number of visible items jumped on pgup/pgdown.
			delayFilter: ($.support.style) ? 1 : 150, // msec to wait before starting filter (or get cancelled); long for IE 
			delayYield: 1, // msec to yield for 2nd 1/2 of filter re-entry cancel; 1 seems adequate to achieve yield
			zIndexPopup: 101 // dropdown z-index}
}}}

You can get a reference to your UFD widget by simply re-selecting the master select again; eg.

{{{

<select id="demo">
  <option>only 1</option>
</select>

<script type="text/javascript">
  $("#demo").ufd();
  $("#demo").ufd("changeOptions");
  $("#demo").ufd("destroy");
</script>


}}}

Available commands are currently:

  * changeOptions
  * disable
  * undisable
  * destroy (* not 100% yet)
  * getCurrentTextValue